2 tips: Scenarios and Sharing Taipy app on Colab (#594)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tips/scenarios/index.md

Reviewer: Please try using 100 characters maximum per line as much as possible.

Author: I'm trying :) I will check the lines here and update.

# The Scenarios

In the fast-moving world of business today, people who make decisions need to adapt fast to changes and look at different possibilities to make smart choices. 
Taipy scenarios are a strong tool for running and saving sets of tasks. They can create different versions of a business problem with different guesses. 
This helps users understand the effects and possibilities, which are really important for big decisions.

![Scenarios](scenario_1_2.png){width=100%}

In this article, we will examine Taipy scenarios more closely. We will explore what they can do and how they can be useful when making decisions.

> As a reminder, Taipy scenarios are one of the fundamental ideas within [Taipy](https://www.taipy.io/about-taipy/what-is-taipy-core/).

Reviewer: The link should point to user man scenario concept.

## Taipy Scenarios: An Overview

A Taipy scenario is like a test run of a business problem using specific data and settings.

Users can make, save, change, and run different scenarios in one application. This makes it easy to study various versions of a business problem. 
It's really useful for businesses that need to consider many scenarios with different ideas to make the best choice.

## Example: Monthly Production Planning

Imagine a manufacturing company that has to figure out how much to produce each month based on expected sales. The person using the system starts by setting up a plan for January. 
They put in all the data they need and the rules for calculating sales predictions, deciding how much to make, and generating production orders for January.

Next, for February, they make a new plan using updated information for that month. They can keep doing this every month, which helps the company adjust its production plans as things change and new information comes in.

> ![Monthly Production Planning](scenario_1.png){width=100%}

Reviewer: Pipelines should be renamed to sequence in the picture.

Author: So we need a new picture?

Reviewer: yes

## Scenarios

Taipy scenarios include one or more sets of tasks that are meant to do specific jobs. These tasks and pipelines can work on their own and can even run at the same time, doing different things.

## Scenario Configuration and Creation

> To make a Taipy scenario, users can use the "Config.configure_scenario_from_tasks()" method. They need to set certain things like the scenario's ID, the pipelines it uses, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instantiate a Taipy scenario, users first need to configure it with the "Config.configure_scenario()" method. They need to set certain things like a name, the tasks it uses, 
```

> how often it runs, what it compares, and its properties. If a scenario only has one pipeline configuration, users can create it directly from that task configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how often it runs, what it compares, and its properties.
Then users can create a scenario with the `create_scenario()` method passing as a parameter the scenario configuration.
```

> ![Scenario Configuration and Creation](scenario_2.png){width=100%}

Reviewer: picture is obsolete. To update according to the 3.0 version.

Author: where I can find the 3.0 version picture, if it exists?

Reviewer: It does not exist yet.

## Accessing and Managing Scenarios

Taipy offers different ways to work with scenarios. You can do things like getting a scenario by its ID, getting all scenarios, making one scenario the main one, and comparing scenarios.

Users can also add tags to scenarios to keep them organized, and they can save scenarios in JSON format to look at later or share with others.

![Accessing and Managing Scenarios](scenario_3.png){width=100%}

The primary benefit of having a scenario is to access the Data Nodes of the different scenarios that are made. With the data generated for each scenario, we can analyze that scenario. 
The basic format is `<scenario>.<Data Node name>.read()`.

> ## Core visual elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scenario management visual elements
```

> The [Core visual elements](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/corelements/) allow you to include visual elements in the Taipy backend. This makes it easier than ever to build a web application that matches your backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 
[Scenario management visual elements](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/controls/#scenario-management-controls)
allow you to include visual elements in the Taipy backend. This makes it easier than ever to build a web application that matches your backend.
```

You can add these few lines of code to your script's configuration to create a web application that lets you:

- Choose from the scenarios you've made.
- Create new scenarios.
- Submit them.
- View the configuration used by the scenario.

> ![Core visual elements](scenario_4.png){width=100%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scenario management visual elements](scenario_4.png){width=100%}
```

> # The Scenarios

Reviewer: Please move this title in the mkdocs.yml_template file.
```suggestion
```

In the fast-moving world of business today, people who make decisions need to adapt fast to changes and look at different possibilities to make smart choices. 
Taipy scenarios are a strong tool for running and saving sets of tasks. They can create different versions of a business problem with different guesses. 
This helps users understand the effects and possibilities, which are really important for big decisions.

![Scenarios](scenario_1_2.png){width=100%}

In this article, we will examine Taipy scenarios more closely. We will explore what they can do and how they can be useful when making decisions.

> As a reminder, Taipy scenarios are one of the fundamental ideas within [Taipy](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/about/).

Reviewer: Please use a relative path.
And actually we should refer to the Scenario Concept documentation Page. Not the Taipy about page.

> ## Taipy Scenarios: An Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Taipy Scenarios: An Overview
```

A Taipy scenario is like a test run of a business problem using specific data and settings.

Users can make, save, change, and run different scenarios in one application. This makes it easy to study various versions of a business problem. 
It's really useful for businesses that need to consider many scenarios with different ideas to make the best choice.

> ## Example: Monthly Production Planning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example: Monthly Production Planning
```

Imagine a manufacturing company that has to figure out how much to produce each month based on expected sales. The person using the system starts by setting up a plan for January. 
They put in all the data they need and the rules for calculating sales predictions, deciding how much to make, and generating production orders for January.

Next, for February, they make a new plan using updated information for that month. They can keep doing this every month, which helps the company adjust its production plans as things change and new information comes in.

> ![Monthly Production Planning](scenario_1.png){width=100%}

Reviewer: Please replace the image by a python code block.

> ## Scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scenarios
```

Taipy scenarios include one or more sets of tasks that are meant to do specific jobs. These tasks and pipelines can work on their own and can even run at the same time, doing different things.

> ## Scenario Configuration and Creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scenario Configuration and Creation
```

To instantiate a Taipy scenario, users first need to configure it with the "Config.configure_scenario()" method. They need to set certain things like a name, the tasks it uses, 
how often it runs, what it compares, and its properties.
Then users can create a scenario with the `create_scenario()` method passing as a parameter the scenario configuration.

> ## Accessing and Managing Scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Accessing and Managing Scenarios
```

Taipy offers different ways to work with scenarios. You can do things like getting a scenario by its ID, getting all scenarios, making one scenario the main one, and comparing scenarios.

Users can also add tags to scenarios to keep them organized, and they can save scenarios in JSON format to look at later or share with others.

> ![Accessing and Managing Scenarios](scenario_3.png){width=100%}

Reviewer: Please replace the image by a code block.

The primary benefit of having a scenario is to access the Data Nodes of the different scenarios that are made. With the data generated for each scenario, we can analyze that scenario. 
The basic format is `<scenario>.<Data Node name>.read()`.

> ## Scenario management visual elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scenario management visual elements
```

The 

> [Scenario management visual elements](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/controls/#scenario-management-controls)

Reviewer: please use a relative path

allow you to include visual elements in the Taipy backend. This makes it easier than ever to build a web application that matches your backend.

You can add these few lines of code to your script's configuration to create a web application that lets you:

- Choose from the scenarios you've made.
- Create new scenarios.
- Submit them.
- View the configuration used by the scenario.

> ![Scenario management visual elements](scenario_4.png){width=100%}

Reviewer: Please replace the image by a code block.

> ## Conclusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Conclusion
```

# The Scenarios

In the fast-moving world of business today, people who make decisions need to adapt fast to changes and look at different possibilities to make smart choices. 
Taipy scenarios are a strong tool for running and saving sets of tasks. They can create different versions of a business problem with different guesses. 
This helps users understand the effects and possibilities, which are really important for big decisions.

> ![Scenarios](scenario_1_2.png){width=100%}

Reviewer: We can remove pipelines squares in the pic as well.

Author: OK, I have removed the pipeline squares.

fundamental concept in Taipy.

# Taipy Scenarios: An Overview

A Taipy scenario is like a test run of a business problem using specific data and settings.

Users can make, save, change, and run different scenarios in one application. This makes it easy 
to study various versions of a business problem. It's really useful for businesses that need to 
consider many scenarios with different ideas to make the best choice.

# Example: Monthly Production Planning

Imagine a manufacturing company that has to figure out how much to produce each month based on 
expected sales. The person using the system starts by setting up a plan for January. They put in 
all the data they need and the rules for calculating sales predictions, deciding how much to 
make, and generating production orders for January.

Next, for February, they make a new plan using updated information for that month. They can keep 
doing this every month, which helps the company adjust its production plans as things change and 
new information comes in.

![Monthly Production Planning](scenario_1.png){width=100%}

# Scenarios

Taipy scenarios include one or more sets of tasks that are meant to do specific jobs. These 

> tasks and pipelines can work on their own and can even run at the same time, doing different things.

Reviewer 2: There are no pipelines now in Taipy 3.0

Reviewer: Actually, the 2 sentences are hard to understand. What do we want to say here?

Reviewer 2: "Taipy scenarios include one or more sets of tasks creating any kind of data workflow. These 
tasks can be submitted as a whole with the scenario entity or independently. Tasks can even be run in parallel if possible."?
